ticdc: add explanation for csv delimiter config (#15877)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-csv.md

terminator = "\n"

[sink.csv]

> delimiter = ',' # Before v7.6.0, delimiter can only be set to a single character. In v7.6.0 and later versions, it can be set to 1-3 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
delimiter = ',' # Before v7.6.0, you can only set the delimiter to a single character. Starting from v7.6.0, you can set it to 1-3 characters. For example, 
```

> delimiter = ',' # Before v7.6.0, you can only set the delimiter to a single character. Starting from v7.6.0, you can set it to 1-3 characters. For example, 

Author: ```suggestion
delimiter = ',' # Before v7.6.0, you can only set the delimiter to a single character. Starting from v7.6.0, you can set it to 1-3 characters. For example, `$^` or `|@|`.
```

> delimiter = ',' # Before v7.6.0, you can only set the delimiter to a single character. Starting from v7.6.0, you can set it to 1-3 characters. For example, `$^` or `|@|`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
delimiter = ',' # Before v7.6.0, you can only set the delimiter to a single character. Starting from v7.6.0, you can set it to 1~3 characters. For example, `$^` or `|@|`.
```

> delimiter = ',' # Before v7.6.0, you can only set the delimiter to a single character. Starting from v7.6.0, you can set it to 1~3 characters. For example, `$^` or `|@|`.

Reviewer 3: Instead of `to 1~3 characters` it should be `to 1-3 characters`.

The `-` chatacter is used when writing a range of numbers, as in this example. The `~` character, or tilde, is used when writing an approximate number, e.g. `approximately 10` would be written as `~10`.

> delimiter = ',' # Before v7.6.0, you can only set the delimiter to a single character. Starting from v7.6.0, you can set it to 1~3 characters. For example, `$^` or `|@|`.

Author: ```suggestion
delimiter = ',' # Before v7.6.0, you can only set the delimiter to a single character. Starting from v7.6.0, you can set it to 1-3 characters. For example, `$^` or `|@|`.
```
